Character Information

Name: Calkré Taigren
Gender: Female
Species: Human
Height: 167cm | 5”6’
Age: 19 (23rd June 2002.)
Birthplace: Arithia
Partner: Sevana
Likes:
Reading
Exploring
Cakes
Dislikes:
Parties/Gatherings
Water
Void
Rabbits#endinfo
Calkré Taigren is a human female raised in the Library of Arithia. Raised to collect knowledge, Calkré spent most of her time in an enclosed study, making her face very pale and vulnerable to sunlight. Since the age of six, she has been studying the elementals of the world, but was always disallowed to read the chapter about the Void.
#History?
At the age of 16, Calkré had a vision of a purple jewel. After her parents went to sleep, she curiously followed the brightening presence of the jewel. This led Calkré to their bedroom, where a headdress with the jewel embed was found. After taking the headdress, Calkré’s parents caught her and decided to banish her from the village. She ran through the local swamp and eventually fainted. A witch found her and decided to give a potion to manipulate Calkré to free the Void. This led her on a 3-year mission to fulfill her purpose, travelling all over the world.
At the age of 19, Calkré discovered an island with strong ties to the Void and Aether. There, she found a village who captured her after seeing a bottle of Void substance equipped. A local translator named Sevana attempted to help Calkré come to her senses, succeeding several times. Calkré struggled with her obsession and betrayed Sevana each time. Calkré frequently attempted to communicate with the Void through the corrupted servants inside the prison.
Three months later, she encountered the elementals for the first time. A battle on the beach scarred the sands, and she went to find Sevana to try to help. When returning to the beach, nobody was there but a circular portal. Curious and interested, Calkré chose to enter the portal. There, she and Sevana met Asteria, Tim, Dirt and Reaps, who was in a coma due to the Void’s control. Unable to help, Calkré decided to read books.
Suddenly finding themselves on the surface, Calkré and Sevana didn’t know how to get back. Assuming that a nearby cave was the entrance. Using a torch to navigate the caves, Calkré’s instinct led them to some sort of Void vigil, where Calkré became corrupted. As Calkré was losing, the Void decided to kill her. With the aid of Reaps, the corruption was removed and they returned to the surface.
Unfortunately, the Void called out to Calkré for the final time and she reentered the cave without Sevana. She returned to the Vigil and willingly became one with the Void. Powered by the evil, she was tasked to destroy Sevana. She and Sevana engaged in a duel, where Calkré emerged victorious. She brought Sevana to the Void Vigil where she hesitantly attempted to kill Sevana. Dirt discovered the fight and went to stop Calkré from doing more damage. Calkré was quickly tired out and went unconscious.
Awaking in the Aether dimension, she met the Aether herself and was cleansed of corruption. Having the truth about her problems revealed, Calkré only wished for some power so she could have her purpose fulfilled. The Aether decided to purify the jewel on the headdress, making it so she could be with her at any time or use her power. The jewel turned a bright green.
Exiting the Aether, Calkré confessed her love for Sevana and kissed. Sevana, too, confessed that she loved her. Together, they left the cave once and for all and went to get cake.